samples: 802154_sniffer: add support for nRF54LM20 Dongle (#30420)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/peripheral/802154_sniffer/README.rst

Testing the sample
==================

After programming the sample to your device, complete the following steps to test it:

#. Connect the device to the computer:

   * For the development kits, use a USB cable connected to the kit's nRF USB port (**J3**).
   * For the ``nrf54lm20dongle/nrf54lm20b/cpuapp`` board, use a USB cable connected to the dongle's USB-C connector.

>    * For the ``nrf52840dongle/nrf52840`` board, plug the dongle directly into the computer's USB port.

Reviewer: Hi there! Something is odd in this list:

- It starts with DKs, but then refers to boards. Those are different things, and considering that later it is mentioned the act of "connecting to usb-c", we are talking evidently about the hardware concept, not about the software one. So DK should be the correct one, we cannot refer to boards in this list (especially with things like "cpuapp"). I'm assuming ``nRF52840 Dongle`` is the correct product name for the 3rd item in the list. I'm not aware of a ``nRF54LM20 Dongle`` but I guess that should probably be the product name, or it is just another mode for the nRF54LM20 DK.

Either way, please verify the correct product name for "nrf54lm20dongle".

```suggestion
  * On the nRF54LM20 DK, connect a USB cable to the dongle's USB-C connector.
  * On the nRF52840 Dongle, plug the dongle directly into a USB port on your computer.
  * On all other supported development kits, connect a USB cable to the kit's nRF USB port (**J3**).
```
Also, "connect a USB cable to the kit's nRF USB port (**J3**)." is this valid for both the nrf52840dk and the nrf5340dk? (listed in the sample yaml)

Author: Hi, thanks for the review. nRF54LM20 Dongle is the correct name of the product. I also confirmed that J3 is the correct USB port for both DKs.
